QUARTUS PRIME AND INTEL FPGA IP LICENSE AGREEMENT, VERSION 20.1

Intel, Quartus and the Intel logos are trademarks of Intel Corporation
or its subsidiaries in the US and other countries. Any other
trademarks and trade names referenced here are the property of their
respective owners.

DO NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL, ACCESS, COPY, OR USE ANY PORTION OF THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE UNTIL YOU HAVE READ AND ACCEPTED THE TERMS AND
CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. BY INSTALLING, COPYING, ACCESSING, OR
USING THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO BE LEGALLY BOUND BY THE
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT. If You do not agree to be
bound by, or the entity for whose benefit You act has not authorized
You to accept, these terms and conditions, do not install, access,
copy, or Use the Licensed Software and destroy all copies of the
Licensed Software in Your possession.

This Quartus Prime and Intel FPGA IP License Agreement (this
"Agreement") is entered into between Intel Corporation, a Delaware
corporation with a place of business at 2200 Mission College Blvd.,
Santa Clara, CA  95052, on behalf of itself and its wholly-owned
subsidiaries,  ("Intel") and You. "You" refers to you or your employer
or other entity for whose benefit you act, as applicable. If you are
agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Agreement on behalf of a
company or other legal entity, you represent and warrant that you have
the legal authority to bind that legal entity to the Agreement, in
which case, "You" or "Your" will be in reference to such entity. Intel
and You are referred to herein individually as a "Party" or, together,
as the "Parties".

IN THE EVENT OF ANY INCONSISTENCY BETWEEN THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT
AND YOUR AGREEMENT WITH AN AUTHORIZED DISTRIBUTOR, THIS AGREEMENT WILL
GOVERN AND CONTROL, EXCEPT WITH REGARDS TO PAYMENT TERMS.

1. Definitions.

1.1. "Authorized Contractors" means a person, company, or other entity
that: (i) provides design, testing, or integration services for You,
provided such integration services will be performed solely for
implementation within Devices; and (ii) is subject to a written
confidentiality agreement protecting Intel's Confidential Information
with restrictions no less restrictive than those contained in this
Agreement.

1.2. "Authorized Distributor" means a reseller, OEM, ODM, cloud
platform provider, or any distributor or reseller that is authorized
through a written agreement with Intel to license the Licensed
Software to end users.

1.3. "Checkout License" means a time-limited license granted by Intel
associated with an existing Floating Node Seat to install and Use the
Licensed Software on a single fixed standalone computer for use by a
single User. The total number of Checkout Licenses that may be granted
in relation to a single Floating Node Seat may not exceed the total
number of individual Seats associated with such Floating Node Seat.

1.4. "Concurrent Users" means the number of simultaneous Users
accessing the Licensed Software.

1.5. "Confidential Information" means and includes, but is not limited
to: (i) the Licensed Software and the algorithms, concepts,
techniques, methods, and processes embodied therein; (ii) the Licensed
Products and all information and Specifications associated therewith;
(iii) any business, marketing, technical, scientific or financial
information disclosed to You by Intel or an Authorized Distributor; or
(iv) any information which, at the time of disclosure, is designated
in writing as confidential or proprietary, or similar designation, is
disclosed in circumstances of confidence, or would be reasonably
understood by a person, exercising business judgment, to be
confidential.

1.6. "Derivative Works" means a derivative work, as defined in 17
U.S.C. ? 101.

1.7. "Designated Equipment" means the computer system identified by a
network interface card or host ID number on which the Licensed
Software is installed and Used, and which has the configuration,
capacity, operating system version level, and pre-requisite
applications described in the Documentation as necessary for the
operation of the Licensed Software, and is designated by the network
interface card or host ID in the License Key as the computer system on
which the License Key management software will be installed.

1.8. "Devices" means Intel FPGA's or Intel complex programmable logic
devices.

1.9. "Documentation" means Intel-provided technical data (including,
but not limited to manuals, release notes, advisories, etc.) which:
(i) provides operating instructions for using or (ii) explains the
capabilities and functions of the Licensed Software.

1.10. "Encryption Technology" means the encryption software technology
created by Intel specifically for use with the Licensed Software and
delivered along with the Licensed Software.

1.11. "Feedback" means materials, information, comments, suggestions,
other communication regarding the features, functions, performance or
use of the Licensed Software

1.12. "Fixed with Companion License" means a license to install: (i)
the Licensed Software on a fixed standalone computer for use by a
single User, and (ii) the Licensed Software on up to two companion
fixed standalone computers. Under this license, only one Seat may be
Used by a single User at any given time.

1.13. "Floating Node Seat" is a license that allows the Licensed
Software to be: (i) installed on and accessed from any number of
computers on a network environment; (ii) Used by the permitted number
of Concurrent Users that is equal to the number of Seats licensed as
determined by the License Key.

1.14. "FPGA" means a field programmable gate array.

1.15. "Infringement Claim" has the meaning ascribed to it in Section
7.1.

1.16. "Intel FPGA IP" means one or more design files, including
encrypted netlists, RTL, test vectors, simulation models (such as
VHDL, Verilog HDL, Quartus simulation, Matlab, Simulink, Verisity,
Specman, Synopsys, and Vera) and other models, each of which may be
provided in unencrypted source code, object code, encrypted netlist or
encrypted source code formats, and memory controllers provided in
source code format, where each is designed to implement or supports
the design of a specific function into a Device, in the form delivered
to You by Intel, including any subsequent upgrades or updates
delivered to You by Intel.

1.17. "Intel FPGA IP Permitted Derivative Work" means a Derivative
Work created by You of any Intel FPGA IP which has been provided to
You in unencrypted source code format, and is permitted by Section 2.

1.18. "Intellectual Property Rights" means all (i) patents, patent
applications, patent disclosures and inventions (whether patentable or
not); (ii) trademarks, service marks, trade dress, trade names, logos,
corporate names, Internet domain names, and registrations and
applications for the registration for any of them, together with all
goodwill associated with any of them; (iii) copyrights and
copyrightable works (including computer programs and mask works) and
registrations and applications for registration; (iv) trade secrets,
know-how and other Confidential Information; (v) waivable or
assignable rights of publicity, waivable or assignable moral rights;
(vi) unregistered and registered design rights and any applications
for registration; (vii) database rights and all other forms of
intellectual property, such as data; and (viii) any and all similar or
equivalent rights throughout the world.

1.19. "Intended Purpose" has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5.

1.20.  "License Fee" means the fee payable by You to Intel or an
Authorized Distributor as described in a quote (or similar document)
in consideration of the rights and licenses to the Licensed Software
granted to You.

1.21. "License Key" means a FlexNet license key, license file, license
manager, dongle or other key, code or information provided by Intel
that: (i) enables a User to download, install, operate and/or regulate
User access to the Licensed Software; (ii) indicates the expiration
date for the license period for the Licensed Software; and (iii) lists
the number of Concurrent Users authorized to Use the Licensed
Software.

1.22. "Licensed Product" means any Device (i) which You or an
Authorized Contractor have designed pursuant to the license grants to
Quartus Prime in Section 2, and/or (ii) in which You or an Authorized
Contractor have implemented or programmed Intel FPGA IP pursuant to
the license grants to Intel FPGA IP in Section 2.

1.23. "Licensed Software" means the version(s) of (i) Quartus Prime
and/or (ii) Intel FPGA IP(s) enabled for You via the License Key.
Licensed Software does not include Unlicensed Software or Third Party
Materials.

1.24. "NDA" has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 5.

1.25. "Open Source Software" means any software that requires as a
condition of use, modification and/or distribution of such software
that such software or other software incorporated into, derived from
or distributed with such software: (a) be disclosed or distributed in
source code form; (b) be licensed for the purpose of making Derivative
Works; and (c) be redistributable at no charge. Open Source Software
includes, without limitation, software licensed or distributed under
any of the following licenses or distribution models, or licenses or
distribution models similar to any of the following: (i) GNU's General
Public License (GPL) or Lesser/Library GPL (LGPL); (ii) the Artistic
License (e.g., PERL); (iii) the Mozilla Public License; (iv) the
Netscape Public License; (v) the Sun Community Source License (SCSL);
(vi) the Sun Industry Source License (SISL); and (vii) the Common
Public License (CPL). The Open Source Software components associated
with the Licensed Software and their corresponding license terms may
be found in one or more of: (A) text files associated with the
Licensed Software; (B) within the source code of the Licensed
Software; or (C) within the source code of the Open Source Software
that is provided with the Licensed Software.

1.26. "Quartus Prime" means the Quartus Software Suite(R), in the form
delivered to You by Intel, including any subsequent upgrades or
updates delivered to You by Intel.

1.27. "Seat" means the right to Use the Licensed Software by a single
User. A Seat is either a Floating Node Seat, Checkout License, or a
Fixed with Companion License, which is enabled via a License Key.

1.28. "Specification" means technical data in human or machine
readable form furnished by Intel which: (i) provides operating
instructions for using the Licensed Software, or (ii) explains the
capabilities and functions of such items, and any full or partial
copies of any such technical data.

1.29. "Standard" means a technology specification created by a
government sponsored group, an industry sponsored group, or any
similar group or entity that creates technology specifications to be
used by others.  Examples of Standards include GSM, LTE, 5G, Wi-Fi,
CDMA, MPEG, and HTML.  Examples of groups that create Standards
include IEEE, ITU, 3GPP, and ETSI.

1.30. "Support" means any support or maintenance services provided to
You by Intel, an Authorized Distributor, and/or authorized Intel
representatives in responding to email, telephone, or other inquiries
from You for maintenance, technical, or other support requests in
connection with the Licensed Software.

1.31. "Third Party License" means a separate license file, header, or
release note that contain additional terms, conditions or restrictions
imposed by Third Party Licensors.

1.32. "Third Party Licensors" means any third party that licenses or
provides Third Party Materials to Intel.

1.33. "Third Party Materials" means materials or components included
in the download with the Licensed Software, including but not limited
to, software, code portions or files, which are owned by Third Party
Licensors, and are provided subject to Third Party Licenses.

1.34. "Unlicensed Software" means any Intel computer programs or code
in any format for which You do not hold an active License Key issued
by Intel, including but not limited to any non-subscribed or disabled
features accompanying the Licensed Software.

1.35. "Use" means downloading, installing and/or copying all or any
portion of the Licensed Software into the Designated Equipment for
processing the instructions contained in the Licensed Software, and/or
loading data into or displaying, viewing or extracting output results
from, or otherwise operating, any portion of the Licensed Software.

1.36. "User" means each individual identified by You as a person
authorized to Use the Licensed Software on behalf of and for Your
benefit, including Your employees and Your Authorized Contractors.

2. Licenses and Restrictions.

2.1. Your License.  Conditioned on Your compliance with the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, including payment of any applicable
License Fee, Intel grants to You a limited, nonexclusive,
nontransferable, worldwide, fully paid-up license during the term of
this Agreement under Intel's copyrights:

(i) in Quartus Prime,

a. to Use Quartus Prime to create, simulate, verify, place and route,
and program designs on Devices, and

b. to manufacture or have manufactured, market, offer for sale, sell,
or otherwise distribute or have distributed Licensed Products within
Your products; and

(ii) in Intel FPGA IP,

a. to Use the Intel FPGA IP to design with, parameterize, compile,
place and route, and generate programming files and netlists, solely
for implementation in Devices,

b. to modify and create Derivative Works of any Intel FPGA IP which is
provided to You in unencrypted source code format in order to create
Intel FPGA IP Permitted Derivative Works,

c. to program and incorporate the Intel FPGA IP in Devices,

d. to manufacture or have manufactured, market, offer for sale, sell,
or otherwise distribute or have distributed Licensed Products within
Your products, and,

e. subject to Intel's prior written approval, and upon the negotiation
of a mutually acceptable agreement and Your payment to Intel of
additional license fees and/or royalties, to incorporate Intel FPGA IP
within an approved ASIC for a specific project.

2.2. Use Restrictions. Except as expressly permitted under this
Agreement, the following restrictions apply to Your use of the
Licensed Software:

2.2.1. Your Use of the Licensed Software is restricted to any use,
license or other restrictions agreed to at the time of Your order of
the License Software (for example but not limited to, quantity,
duration, number of instantiations and customers).
2.2.2. You may only use the Licensed Software in accordance with the
Documentation, including all restrictions on use which may be placed
in the release notes, advisories, and manuals.
2.2.3. You may not use, copy, modify, distribute, or otherwise
transfer the Licensed Software or any portions thereof, or permit any
remote access thereof by any person or entity.
2.2.4. You may not modify or synthesize any simulation model output
generated from or resulting from the Licensed Software.
2.2.5. You may not sublicense or transfer the Licensed Software or any
rights granted to You under this Agreement.
2.2.6. No right is granted under this Agreement to Use the Licensed
Software (including any machine-executable, binary resulting from Use
of the Licensed Software) to design, develop, incorporate in, or
program any devices other than Devices.
2.2.7. You may not decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or
otherwise attempt to access the source code of the Licensed Software
or reduce it to a human readable form except as otherwise permitted by
applicable law.
2.2.8. You may not publish or disclose the results of any benchmarking
or testing of the Licensed Software or use such results for Your own
software development activities, without the prior written permission
of Intel.
2.2.9. If You have obtained the Licensed Software through the Intel
FPGA University Program, then You are only permitted to Use the
Licensed Software for educational and academic purposes and cannot Use
the Licensed Software for any commercial purposes.
2.2.10. If You are using Intel FPGA IP pursuant to the Intel FPGA
Evaluation Mode, Your license is more limited than the license granted
by Intel in Section 2 of this Agreement.   In the Intel FPGA
Evaluation Mode You may only (i) evaluate the logic designs of Devices
by performing the following functions:  design entry, timing, place
and route, compilation and verification of logic designs for Devices;
and (ii) evaluate the hardware in Devices by programming the Intel
FPGA IP into such Devices, but only for so long as the Devices are
continuously connected via a programming cable to a host development
computer that is running the Intel development tool programmer
software.    In the Intel FPGA Evaluation Mode, (i) the Intel FPGA IP
will operate for a predetermined amount of time, after which the Intel
FPGA IP will be automatically disabled and will be inoperable, and
(ii) certain features and functions of the Intel FPGA IP may be
disabled by Intel.  In no event will Intel be held liable for any
damages or losses to You or any third party resulting from the
automatic disabling of any Intel FPGA IP during Use in the Intel FPGA
Evaluation Mode.

2.3. Delivery and License Key. The Licensed Software will be delivered
electronically and will be deemed accepted upon delivery. In
accordance with its distribution method, Intel may include with the
Licensed Software additional Unlicensed Software to which the License
Key will not permit access. Inclusion of such Unlicensed Software in
no way implies a license from Intel to access or Use such Unlicensed
Software, and You agree not to access or Use such Unlicensed Software.

2.4. Designated Equipment. In order to generate License Keys, You must
provide Intel with the Designated Equipment's host identification
number, which Intel will include in the applicable License Key. You
may change the Designated Equipment as permitted by the customer self-
service license center, with further changes permitted only upon
consent of Intel. Whenever You receive a new License Key in order to
effect a transfer to new Designated Equipment, You will immediately
cease to Use the Licensed Software under the previously issued License
Key. You acknowledge and agree that You will not operate more than the
number of Seats of the Licensed Software associated with Your License
Key.

2.5. Floating Node Seat. If You have purchased a Floating Node Seat,
You may also copy the Licensed Software onto another computer (or
access it through networked workstations) for Use by another User;
provided however, that all Users agree to accept the terms and
conditions of this Agreement in writing prior to Using the Licensed
Software.

2.6. Authorized Contractors. You may permit Authorized Contractors to
perform services on Your behalf solely under the licenses granted to
You in Section 2. You agree that all access to or Use of the Licensed
Software by an Authorized Contractor is subject to the following: (i)
such access and/or Use will be for Your sole benefit; (ii) a breach of
this Agreement or the terms of any other Intel agreement by the
Authorized Contractor will be deemed to be a breach of such
agreement(s) by You, and You will be liable for any such breaches by
the Authorized Contractor and will indemnify Intel for any damages
suffered by Intel as a result of such breaches; and (iii) You will
ensure that in no event will any such Authorized Contractor be a
competitor of Intel for Devices.

2.7. Third Party Materials.

2.7.1. Third Party Materials may be provided in the download for use
with the Licensed Software.  The Third Party Materials are licensed to
You pursuant to the terms of the applicable Third Party License.  The
Third Party Materials and Third Party Licenses are identified either
in the documentation accompanying the Licensed Software, hyperlinks
included with this Agreement or Readme files included with the
Licensed Software.  You agree to carefully review and fully comply
with the terms of such Third Party Licenses.

2.7.2. Third Party Materials Disclaimer. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO
THE CONTRARY IN THE AGREEMENT, AS BETWEEN YOU AND INTEL, AND TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL THIRD PARTY LICENSES
WILL BE SUBJECT TO SECTION 6.2 (DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES); SECTION 10
(LIMITATION OF LIABILITY); AND SECTION 11 (CHOICE OF LAW/VENUE). INTEL
OFFERS NO WARRANTIES (WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED); INDEMNIFICATION;
AND/OR SUPPORT OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY MATERIALS,
EXCEPT THAT INTEL WILL PASS THROUGH TO YOU, IF AND TO THE EXTENT
AVAILABLE, ANY WARRANTIES EXPRESSLY PROVIDED TO INTEL BY THIRD PARTY
LICENSORS RELATING TO SUCH THIRD PARTY MATERIALS.

2.8. Open Source Statement. The Licensed Software may include Open
Source Software licensed pursuant to an Open Source Software license
agreement(s) identified in in the applicable source code file(s) or
file header(s) provided with or otherwise associated with the Licensed
Software. Neither You, nor any OEM, ODM, customer, or distributor may
subject any proprietary portion of the Licensed Software to any Open
Source Software license obligations including, without limitation,
combining or distributing the Licensed Software with Open Source
Software in a manner that subjects Intel, the Licensed Software or any
portion thereof to any Open Source Software license obligation.
Nothing in this Agreement limits any rights under, or grants rights
that supersede, the terms of any applicable Open Source Software
license.

2.9. Intellectual Property Rights Notices. Any copies of the Licensed
Software made by or for You must include all Intellectual Property
Rights notices. You will not, and will cause Your Authorized
Contractors and Your customers and/or end users not to, remove any
Intel Intellectual Property Rights notices or other proprietary
markings from the Licensed Software. Any copy of the Licensed Software
or portions thereof, including but not limited to any modified
versions, Derivative Works, any portion merged into a design, and/or
any design or product that incorporates all or any portion of the
Licensed Software, will continue to be subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement.

2.10. Feedback. This Agreement does not obligate You to provide Intel
with Feedback. To the extent You provide Intel with Feedback in a
tangible form, You grant to Intel and its affiliates a non-exclusive,
perpetual, sublicenseable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, fully
paid-up and transferable license, to and under all of Your
intellectual property rights, whether perfected or not, to publicly
perform, publicly display, reproduce, use, make, have made, sell,
offer for sale, sublicense, distribute, import, create Derivative
Works of and otherwise exploit any comments, suggestions,
descriptions, ideas or other feedback regarding the Licensed Software
provided by You or on Your behalf.

2.11. No Other Licenses or Intellectual Property Rights. Except as
provided in this Agreement, neither party grants to the other party,
either directly or indirectly, by implication, or by way of estoppel,
any license or any other rights under such party's Intellectual
Property Rights. Other than the rights expressly granted to You under
the Agreement, Intel expressly reserves all other rights in and to the
Licensed Software, Documentation, and Intellectual Property Rights
associated with any of the foregoing. You acknowledge and agree that
this Agreement does not grant You any right to practice, or any other
rights with respect to, any patent of Intel or its licensors.

3. Ownership and Future Development.

3.1. Ownership of Licensed Software. All right, title and interest in
and to the Licensed Software and associated Documentation are and will
remain the exclusive property of Intel and its licensors or suppliers,
including but not limited to enhancements, corrections, improvements,
modified versions, or Derivative Works of all the foregoing, in whole
or in part, whether developed or co-developed by Intel, or developed
or co-developed by You pursuant to this Agreement. Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary above in this Section, You will own all
right, title and interest in any Intel FPGA IP Permitted Derivative
Works created by You under this Agreement, and You may use and
distribute any Intel FPGA IP Permitted Derivative Works, but agree to
solely use and distribute Intel FPGA IP Permitted Derivative Works
only for use in Devices.  You grant to Intel and its affiliates a non-
exclusive, perpetual, sublicenseable, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-
free, fully paid-up and transferable license, to and under all of Your
Intellectual Property Rights, whether perfected or not, to publicly
perform, publicly display, reproduce, use, make, have made, sell,
offer for sale, sublicense, distribute, import, create Derivative
Works of and otherwise exploit any of Your Intel FPGA IP Permitted
Derivative Works.

3.2. You recognize and acknowledge that Intel is or may be
independently developing for commercial use products that may be
complementary to or competitive with Your products and may in the
future independently develop products that may compete with Your
products. Nothing in this Agreement will limit Intel's independent
development and marketing or distribution of any products or systems,
provided such independent development is accomplished without use of
Your confidential information. The existence of this Agreement will
not prevent Intel from undertaking discussions with third parties,
including Your competitors.

4. Fees and Taxes

4.1. License Fee. You will pay Intel (or an Authorized Distributor)
the License Fees in the amounts and at the times set forth in the
applicable quote or invoice.  Your obligation to remit License Fees in
accordance with the applicable quote or invoice is absolute,
unconditional, noncancellable and nonrefundable, and will not be
subject to any abatement, set-off, claim, counterclaim, adjustment,
reduction, or defense for any reason including, but not limited to,
any claim that Intel failed to perform under this Agreement or
termination of this Agreement. Past due amounts will bear interest at
the rate of the lesser of 1-1/2% per month on the unpaid balance, or
the maximum rate allowable by law.  In addition to all other sums
payable under this Agreement, You will pay all out-of-pocket expenses
that Intel or an Authorized Distributor incurs, including fees and
disbursements of counsel, in connection with collection and other
enforcement proceedings resulting from or in connection with those
proceedings.

4.2. Taxes.  All payments will be made free and clear without
deduction for any present and future taxes imposed by any taxing
authority.  If You are prohibited by law from making such payments
unless You deduct or withhold taxes from the payments and remit the
taxes to the local taxing jurisdiction, then You must withhold and
remit those taxes and pay to Intel the remaining net amount after the
taxes have been withheld.  You will promptly furnish Intel with a copy
of an official tax receipt or other appropriate evidence of any taxes
imposed on payments made under this Agreement, including taxes on any
additional amounts paid.  In cases other than taxes referred to above
including, but not limited to, sales and use taxes, stamp taxes, value
added taxes, property taxes and other taxes or duties imposed by any
taxing authority on or with respect to this Agreement, You will bear
the costs of those taxes or duties. If those taxes or duties are
legally imposed initially on Intel or Intel is later assessed by any
taxing authority, then You will promptly reimburse Intel for those
taxes or duties plus any interest and penalties that Intel suffers.

5. Confidentiality and Publicity.

5.1. With respect to Confidential Information, You agree to: maintain
the confidentiality of the Confidential Information with at least the
same degree of care that You use to protect Your own confidential and
proprietary information, but no less than a reasonable degree of care
under the circumstances; not to use or disclose Confidential
Information for any purpose except to the extent necessary and for the
purpose of exercising Your rights under this Agreement (the "Intended
Purpose"); to restrict the disclosure and possession of Confidential
Information solely to those Users, employees and Authorized
Contractors with a need to know/need to access for the Intended
Purpose, who agree to be bound by written confidentiality agreements
no less strict than those contained in this Agreement; and be liable
to Intel for any breaches of the confidentiality obligations by Your
Users, employees, and Authorized Contractors. You will not be liable
for the disclosure of any Confidential Information that is: generally
made available publicly or to third parties by the disclosing party
without restriction on disclosure; received without any obligation of
confidentiality from a third party who rightfully had possession of
the information; rightfully known to You without any limitation on
disclosure, before Your receipt from the disclosing party; the same as
information that is independently developed by employees, contingent
workers, or professional advisers of Yours; or required to be
disclosed under applicable laws, regulations, or court, judicial, or
government agency orders. The receiving party must give the disclosing
party reasonable notice before this disclosure, and seek a protective
order, confidential treatment, or other remedy, if available, to limit
the scope of the required disclosure. Information exchanged between
Intel and You may additionally be subject to the terms and conditions
of the Corporate Non-Disclosure Agreement(s) or Intel Pre-Release Loan
Agreement(s) (referred to herein collectively or individually as
"NDA") entered into by and in force between Intel and You.  In the
event of a conflict between this Agreement and the NDA, the NDA will
control.  You agree that Intel may disclose Your identity by name,
address and other contact information, and identify the Licensed
Software licensed to You, to the extent required by Intel's agreements
with its licensors and Authorized Distributors.

5.2. You agree not to use Intel's name, trademarks or logos in any
publications, advertisements, or other announcements without Intel's
prior written consent.

6. Warranty Information

6.1. Limited Warranty.  If the Licensed Software has been delivered on
physical media, Intel warrants for 90 days after delivery that the
media on which the Licensed Software is furnished is free of
manufacturing defects and shipping damage provided the media has been
properly installed. Intel does not warrant that the Licensed Software
will meet Your requirements or that the use will be uninterrupted or
error-free.  Your sole remedy and Intel's entire liability for breach
of the warranty in this Section, is that You may return the defective
media to Intel for replacement or alternate delivery, at Intel's
option and expense.  This warranty is void if the media defect has
resulted from accident, abuse, mishandling, misuse, misinstallation,
neglect or misapplication.

6.2. Disclaimer of Warranties. Except as provided above, Intel makes
no warranties to You with respect to the Licensed Software, Third
Party Materials, Open Source Software or any Support, service, advice,
or assistance furnished under this Agreement, and no warranties of any
kind, whether written, oral, implied or statutory, including
warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose,
non-infringement or arising from course of dealing or usage in trade
will apply.

6.3. Encryption Technology.  The Licensed Software may include
Encryption Technology. The Encryption Technology is based on both
recognized industry encryption technology standards and proprietary
Intel technology. The Encryption Technology is provided solely for
Your convenience in using the Licensed Software under this Agreement.
You recognize and agree that no encryption software is error-free,
foolproof or completely secure (including the Encryption Technology)
and as such You agree that the Encryption Technology is provided "as
is" with no warranties of any kind, whether written, oral, implied or
statutory, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, non-infringement or arising from course of dealing
or usage in trade.  You agree that Your use of the Encryption
Technology is at Your own risk and that Intel will not be liable for
any claims related to Your use of the Encryption Technology.

6.4. Third Party Actions; Security Threats.  Intel makes no warranty
with respect to any malfunctions or other errors in its hardware
products or software products caused by virus, infection, worm or
similar malicious code not developed or introduced by Intel.  Intel
makes no warranty that any hardware products or software products will
protect against all possible security threats, including intentional
misconduct by third parties.  Intel is not liable for any downtime or
service interruption, for any lost or stolen data or systems, or for
any other damages arising out of or relating to any such actions or
intrusions.

7. Indemnification.

7.1. Intel will defend, at its own expense, any legal action brought
against You to the extent that it is based on any claim or allegation
that the Licensed Software, in the form delivered to You, directly
infringes a U.S. patent or copyright or constitutes a misappropriation
of trade secrets of any third party ("Infringement Claim").

7.2. Intel will pay any costs and damages finally awarded against You
in any Infringement Claim that are attributable to the Infringement
Claim or that You incur through settlement of the Infringement Claim,
but will not be responsible for any compromise that You made or
expense that You incurred without Intel's written consent.

7.3. Notwithstanding anything else in the Agreement, Intel will not
indemnify or defend You for claims asserted, in whole or part,
against: (i) technology or designs that You gave to Intel; (ii)
failure to use compatible devices (including Intel Devices) as set
forth in the Specifications;  (iii) modifications or programming to
the Licensed Software that were made by anyone other than Intel; or,
(iv) the Licensed Software's alleged implementation of some or all of
a Standard.

7.4. The defense and payment obligations of Intel in this Section 7
are subject to the condition that You: (i) give Intel prompt written
notice of the Infringement Claim; (ii) allow Intel to direct the
defense and settlement of the Infringement Claim; and (iii) cooperate
with Intel in the defense and settlement of the Infringement Claim.

7.5. This indemnity is personal to You and will under no circumstances
be assignable, transferable or subject to pass-through to Your
customers or indirect customers.  You will notify customers that they
must look solely to You in connection with any Infringement Claim.

7.6. If any Licensed Software, or the operation of the Licensed
Software, becomes or, in Intel's opinion is likely to become, the
subject of an Infringement Claim, Intel may, at Intel's option and
expense, procure for You the right to continue using the Licensed
Software, replace or modify the Licensed Software so that it becomes
non-infringing, or terminate the license granted under this Agreement
for that Licensed Software and refund to You the License Fees You paid
to Intel (less a reasonable charge for the period during which You has
had availability of that Licensed Software for use, and of Support).
This Section 7 will survive for three (3) years after expiration or
termination of this Agreement.

8. Term and Termination.

8.1. Term. This Agreement is effective until terminated by either
party, or terminated in accordance with its terms, whichever occurs
first.

8.2. Termination. Intel may terminate this Agreement in accordance
with its terms. You may terminate this Agreement at any time by
uninstalling and permanently ceasing Use of the Licensed Software.
Intel may terminate the license immediately if You or an Authorized
Contractor fail to comply with any material term or condition of this
Agreement, including but not limited to Your or an Authorized
Contractor's breach of the license rights granted in this Agreement,
breach of Your or an Authorized Contractor's obligation of
confidentiality, or if You: (i) cease to do business or terminate Your
business operations; or (ii) become insolvent or seek protection under
any bankruptcy or liquidation or similar proceedings, or make an
assignment of all or a majority of Your assets for the benefit of
creditors.

8.3. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement for any
reason, the licenses and any rights granted under this Agreement will
terminate, and You agree to irrevocably destroy, and will cause any of
Your employees and Authorized Contractors to irrevocably destroy, the
Licensed Software, Third Party Software and Unlicensed Software, and
all portions of the foregoing, in Your possession or under Your
control (including any portions merged into a design or Licensed
Product not already distributed). Upon request, You agree to certify
such destruction in writing to Intel. You may keep a single copy of
the Licensed Software solely for archival purposes, but You will not
continue to Use the Licensed Software or any portion thereof in
development after termination of the Agreement. No refund for the
Licensed Software will be provided to You upon termination of this
Agreement.

9. Support and Maintenance Services.

9.1. Upon payment of the applicable Support fee, Intel or its
Authorized Distributor, will for the Support period communicated to
You at the time of Your license purchase or renewal, (i) provide
Support and maintenance for the Licensed Software (including bug
fixes, error corrections and any other updates) made generally
available by Intel to licensees that purchase support and maintenance;
(ii) use commercially reasonable efforts to provide fixes to defects
in the Licensed Software that cause the Licensed Software not to
conform in material respects with the specifications that are
diagnosed as non-conformances, and are capable of replication by
Intel; and (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts to respond by
telephone or email to Your inquiries for Support for the Licensed
Software. You agree that any information collected by Intel or the
Authorized Distributor arising from or relating to Your requests for
Support, including but not limited to design files compiled using the
Licensed Software provided by You for purposes of design assistance,
enhancement, and troubleshooting, may be used internally by Intel for
the purpose of improving future versions of the Licensed Software and
developing future products.

9.2. Exclusions. Except as otherwise described in Section 9.1, Intel
will not have any obligation to provide any maintenance, support, or
training, or to provide any error corrections, updates, upgrades, new
versions, other modifications, or enhancements to the Licensed
Software, Devices, or any Licensed Products. You will be responsible,
at Your own expense, for providing technical support and training to
Your customers and any other end users of the Licensed Software or
Licensed Products, and Intel will have no obligation to support any of
the foregoing. You will be solely responsible for, and Intel will have
no obligation to honor, any warranties that You may provide to Your
customers or to any other end users of the Licensed Products.

10. Limitation of Liability.

10.1. Intel's cumulative liability to You for all claims of any kind
resulting from Intel's performance or breach of this Agreement or the
Licensed Software or Support furnished under this Agreement, including
any indemnity by Intel under this Agreement, will not exceed (i) the
License Fees actually received by Intel from You under this Agreement
for the Licensed Software and Support that is the subject of the
claim, or (ii) $1,000, if the Licensed Software was provided at no
charge to You, regardless of whether Intel has been advised of the
possibility of those damages or whether any remedy set forth in this
Agreement fails of its essential purpose or otherwise.  This
limitation of liability is cumulative and not per incident; the
existence of more than one claim will not increase the limit.

10.2. Intel will not be liable for costs of procurement of
substitutes, loss of profits, loss of use, interruption of business,
or for any other special, consequential, punitive or incidental
damages, however caused, whether for breach of warranty, contract,
tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise, irrespective of
whether Intel has advance notice of the possibility of such damages.
The limitation of liability set forth in Section 10 is a fundamental
basis of this Agreement; and You understand and agree that Intel would
not have entered into this Agreement without the limitation of
liability.

10.3. THE LICENSED SOFTWARE MAY BE USED TO CREATE END PRODUCTS USED IN
SAFETY-CRITICAL APPLICATIONS DESIGNED TO COMPLY WITH FUNCTIONAL SAFETY
STANDARDS OR REQUIREMENTS ("SAFETY-CRITICAL APPLICATIONS").  IT IS
YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO DESIGN, MANAGE AND ASSURE SYSTEM-LEVEL
SAFEGUARDS TO ANTICIPATE, MONITOR AND CONTROL SYSTEM FAILURES, AND YOU
AGREE THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL APPLICABLE REGULATORY
STANDARDS AND SAFETY-RELATED REQUIREMENTS CONCERNING YOUR USE OF THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE IN SAFETY CRITICAL APPLICATIONS.  YOU AGREE TO
INDEMNIFY AND HOLD INTEL AND ITS REPRESENTATIVES HARMLESS AGAINST ANY
DAMAGES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE IN SAFETY-CRITICAL APPLICATIONS.

11. Choice of Law/Venue. This Agreement will in all respects be
governed by, and construed and interpreted under, the laws of the
United States of America and the State of Delaware, without reference
to conflict of laws principles.   The parties agree that the United
Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods
(1980) is specifically excluded from and will not apply to this
Agreement. All disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement
will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the
State of Delaware or of the Federal courts sitting in that State. Each
party submits to the personal jurisdiction of those courts and waives
all objections to that jurisdiction and venue for those disputes.

12. Export Control. You will not export, directly or indirectly, any
Confidential Information, the Licensed Software, the Documentation or
any product, service or technical data or system incorporating the
Licensed Software without first obtaining any required license or
other approval from the U.S. Department of Commerce or any other
agency or department of the U.S. government. In the event of export
from the United States or re-export from a foreign destination, You
will ensure that the distribution and export or import of the product
is in compliance with all laws, regulations, orders, or other
restrictions of the U.S. Export Administration Regulations and the
appropriate foreign government.

13. U.S. Government Restricted Rights. You acknowledge and agree that
all software and software-related items licensed to You by Intel
pursuant to this Agreement are "Commercial Computer Software" or
"Commercial Computer Software Documentation" as defined in FAR 12.212
for civilian agencies and DFARS 227-7202 for military agencies (as
amended) and in the event You are permitted under this Agreement to
provide such items to the U.S. government, such items will be provided
under terms that are at least as restrictive as the provisions of this
Agreement. The contractor/manufacturer is Intel Corporation, 2200
Mission College Blvd., Santa Clara, CA 95054 and its licensors.

14. No Assignment. You may not delegate, assign or transfer this
Agreement, the license(s) granted or any of Your rights or duties
hereunder, expressly, by implication, by operation of law, or
otherwise and any attempt to do so, without Intel's express prior
written consent, will be null and void. Intel may assign, delegate and
transfer this Agreement, and its rights and obligations hereunder, in
its sole discretion.

15. Problem Reporter Notice, Consent and Opt-Out. The Problem Reporter
feature of the Licensed Software will collect and provide certain
information to Intel concerning Your use of the Licensed Software, in
the event of a software crash. No logic designs or machine-executable
binary form of cores used to program a Device that are processed with
the Licensed Software will be collected or transmitted with the
Problem Reporter. The types of data Problem Reporter transmits to
Intel include: (i) Licensed Software tools (tools used, and version
and build of the Licensed Software); (ii) platform data (operating
system); and (iii) Licensed Software errors log data (previous exit
status). You agree that You have been fully informed about the
purposes for which Your information will be used, and You give Your
consent for Intel to use this information both within and outside of
the European Union for the purposes described in this Problem Reporter
disclosure notice. You may disable or enable Problem Reporter at any
time by making the appropriate setting in the Licensed Software.

16. Audit Rights. You agree to keep complete and accurate books and
records which confirm Your compliance with the terms and conditions of
this Agreement. Intel will have a right to audit Your facilities and
records, provided that such audit: (i) will be conducted at reasonable
times, upon reasonable prior written notice; and (ii) will not
unreasonably interfere with Your normal business operations. This
Section will survive for three (3) years after expiration or
termination of this Agreement.

17. General Terms. This Agreement is entered into for the benefit of
Intel, its licensors and Authorized Distributors, and all rights
granted to You and all obligations owed to Intel, its licensors and
the Authorized Distributors will be enforceable by Intel, its
licensors and the Authorized Distributors. No modification of this
Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by authorized
representatives of each party. If any of the provisions of this
Agreement are found to be in violation of applicable law, void, or
unenforceable, then such provisions will be deemed to be deleted from
the Agreement, but the remaining provisions of the Agreement will
remain in full force and effect. You agree that the Agreement is the
complete and entire agreement between You and Intel with respect to
the subject matter hereof. No statements, promises or representations
have been made by one party to the other, or are relied upon by either
party when entering into this Agreement. All prior and contemporaneous
discussions and negotiations, whether verbal or written, are merged
into and superseded by the Agreement. Except as stated herein, no
entity or person not a party hereto will have any interest under this
Agreement, or be deemed to be a third party beneficiary of the
Agreement. If the Agreement expires or terminates for any reason, all
definitions in this Agreement and the rights, obligations, and
restrictions under Sections 1 (Definitions); 2.2 (Use Restrictions);
2.6 (Authorized Contractors); 2.7.2 (Third Party Materials
Disclaimer); 2.8 (Open Source Statement); 2.9 (Intellectual Property
Rights Notices); 2.10 (Feedback); 2.11 (No Other Licenses or
Intellectual Property Rights); 3 (Ownership and Future Development); 5
(Confidentiality and Publicity); 6 (Warranty Information); 7
(Indemnification); 8.3 (Effect of Termination); 10 (Limitation of
Liability); 11 (Choice of Law/Venue); 12 (Export Control); 13 (U.S.
Government Restricted Rights); 14 (No Assignment); 15 (Problem
Reporter Notice, Consent and Opt-Out); 16 (Audit Rights); and 17
(General Terms) will survive expiration or termination of this
Agreement.

END OF QUARTUS PRIME AND INTEL FPGA IP LICENSE AGREEMENT, VERSION 20.1


===================================================================

THIRD-PARTY LICENSES

NOTE: The following third-party licenses and notices represent each
third-party contributor's use requirements for Your usage of any third-
party software incorporated into or provided in conjunction with the
Intel FPGA product(s) licensed under the Intel FPGA Software License Agreement
("Agreement").  The provisions contained in each such license apply
only to the respective Third-Party Components (as such term is defined
in the Agreement) and not to any Intel FPGA products licensed to You.

Quartus Prime THIRD-PARTY LICENSES
------------------------------------------------------------------
1. 7-zip 18.05 (LGPL v. 2.1, BSD 3-clause, unRAR License)
2. Alphanum 1.0 (libpng/zlib License)
3. Apache Xerces C++ 3.2.2 (Apache v. 2.0 license)
4. autopep8 0.9.7 (MIT License)
5. backports.functools_lru_cache 1.5 (MIT)
6. Base64 decoder 1.0 (Zlib License)
7. boost 1.53.0 (MIT-style License)
8. boost 1.53.0 (MIT-style License)
9. Bottle 0.12.16 (MIT License)
10. buddy 2.2 (BSD-style License)
11. bwidget 1.4.1 (BSD-style License)
12. Cajun 2.0.1 (3 Clause BSD License)
13. certifi 2018.11.29 (Mozilla Public License 2.0 (MPL 2.0))
14. chardet 3.0.4 (GNU Lesser General Public License v2.1)
15. cheroot 6.5.4 (BSD 3 Clause License)
16. CherryPy 18.1.0 (3 Clause BSD License)
17. Editline Library (libedit) 0:42:0 (NetBSD License)
18. entrypoints 2.8 (MIT)
19. Flake8 3.7.5 (MIT License)
20. GD 2.0.34 (BSD-style License)
21. IBM.ICU 4.4.2 (IBM ICU License and additional Third Party terms)
22. ICU 3.4 (IBM License and additional third party terms)
23. idna 2.8 (BSD)
24. INCR TCL 4.0 (BSD-Style License)
25. jaraco.functools 2.0 (MIT)
26. jdbc sqlite 20120209 (Apache v. 2.0 license)
27. jpeg 6b (Indedendent JPEG Group License)
28. jQuery 1.11.3 (MIT License)
29. jQuery UI 1.10.2 (MIT License)
30. jQuery UI Layout Plug-in 1.3.0.rc30.79 (MIT License, GPL v.3 License)
31. jre 8 (GPL v.2.0 License)
32. LIBCURL 7.68.0 (MIT/X Derivative License)
33. Libelf 0.8.10 (LGPL v. 2.1 License)
34. Liberty Parser 2.6 (SYNOPSYS Open Source License Version 1.0)
35. libffi 3.3 (Free Software)
36. Mac4Lin 1.0 (LGPL v. 2.1 License)
37. make 3.81 (GPL v. 2.0 License)
38. McCabe 0.6.1 (MIT License)
39. metis 4.0.1 (GPL v. 2.0 License)
40. more-itertools 5.0.0 (MIT License)
41. more-itertools 6.0.0 (MIT License)
42. MSDN Sample Code  (Microsoft Developer Agreement)
43. Normalize.css 2.1.3 (MIT License)
44. OpenSSL 1.1.1d (OpenSSL License and the original SSLeay (The OpenSSL License is Apache License 1.0 and SSLeay License bears some similarity to a 4-clause BSD License))
45. Peewee 2.1.6 (MIT License)
46. Peewee 3.8.2 (MIT License)
47. pep8 1.4.6 (MIT License)
48. Perl 5.30.3 (GPL v. 1.0 or the Artistic License)
49. PicNet Table Filter  (MIT License)
50. Protobuf 3.4.0 (BSD 3 Clause License)
51. psutil 5.6.7 (BSD 3-Clause License)
52. pycodestyle 2.5.0 (MIT License (Expat license))
53. pyflakes 2.1.1 (MIT License)
54. Python 3.7.8 (PSF License for Python 3.7.8)
55. [foss] pytz (2018.9)
56. Requests 2.22.0 (Apache v. 2.0 license)
57. safestringlib 20170614 (MIT License)
58. six 1.12.0 (MIT)
59. sqlite 3.32.3 (Public Domain)
60. superlu 2.2.0 (BSD 3 Clause License)
61. Tablelist 5.5 (MIT style license)
62. TableSorter 2.7.3 (MIT License, GPL v. 3.0 Licenses)
63. tbb 4.2.2 (GPL v.2.0 License)
64. TCL-TK 8.6 (BSD-style License)
65. tcldom 3.0 (BSD Style License)
66. tcllib 1.11 (BSD 4 Clause License)
67. tclsoap 1.6.7 (MIT License)
68. tclxml 3.2 (BSD style License)
69. tempora 1.14 (MIT)
70. TinyXML2 7.0.1 (zlib)
71. tktable 2.10 (Tcl/Tk license)
72. TLS 1.6 (BSD License)
73. Twitter Bootstrap 3.0.3 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
74. Twitter Bootstrap 3.3.6 (MIT License)
75. Underscore.js 1.4.4 (MIT License)
76. unzip 6.10c23 (Info-ZIP license)
77. urllib3 1.25.11 (MIT)
78. xmlgen 1.4 (Apache v. 2.0 license)
79. zc.lockfile 1.4 (Zope Public License (ZPL 2.1))
80. ZLIB 1.2.11 (Zlib License)

Intel FPGA IP THIRD-PARTY LICENSES
------------------------------------------------------------------
1. antlr 2.7.2 (BSD 4 Clause License)
2. antlr 4.5.1 (BSD 3 Clause License)
3. appframework 1.03 (LGPL v. 2.1 License)
4. asm 3.1 (BSD 3 Clause License)
5. beansbinding 1.2.1 (LGPL v. 2.1 License)
6. JGoodies Binding 2.0.6 (BSD 3 Clause License)
7. binutils 2.25 (GPL v. 2 License)
8. binutils 2.31.51 (GNU General Public License v3.0 or later)
9. binutils 2.32.51 (GNU General Public License v3.0 or later)
10. binutils 2.33.50 (GNU General Public License v3.0 or later)
11. boost 1.38.0 (MIT-style License)
12. boost 1.65.0 (MIT-style License)
13. castor 1.0.3 (Apache v. 2.0 and Intalio BSD-style Licenses)
14. castor 1.2 (Apache v. 2.0 and Intalio BSD-style Licenses)
15. checker-framework 2.3.0 (GPL v. 2 License)
16. checkstyle 4.2 (LGPL v. 2.1 License)
17. cli 1.1 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
18. cloog 0.18.1 (LGPL v2 License)
19. cobertura 1.8 (GPL v. 2 License)
20. codesourcery 2019.05-04 (CodeSourcery Inc License)
21. Apache Common Collections 4.1 (Apache License 2.0)
22. Apache Common Collections 4.3 (Apache License 2.0)
23. Apache Common Lang 3.7 (Apache License 2.0)
24. commons-beanutils 1.6 (Apache v. 1.1 License)
25. commons-digester 1.5 (Apache v. 1.1 License)
26. commons-logging 1.1 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
27. commons-logging 1.2 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
28. commons-math 3.5 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
29. commons-pool 1.2 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
30. cpputest 3.8 (BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License)
31. DockingFrames 1.1.2_20b (LGPL v. 2.1 License)
32. DockingFrames 1.1.2p12c (LGPL v. 2.1 License)
33. eclipse-cpp-mars-2 4.5.0 (Eclipse Public License v 1.0)
34. expat 2.0.1 (MIT License)
35. expat 2.1.0 (MIT License)
36. expat 2.2.7 (MIT License)
37. expat 2.2.9 (MIT License)
38. explicitlayout 3.0 (LGPL v. 2.1 License)
39. fmt 4.0.0 (BSD 2-clause "Simplified" License)
40. forms_rt 6.0 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
41. gcc 10.1.1 (GPL v. 3 License)
42. gcc 5.2 (GNU Free Documentation v. 1.3 GPL License)
43. gcc 8.3.1 (GPL v. 3 License)
44. gcc 9.2.1 (GPL v. 3 License)
45. gdb 7.10 (GPL v. 3 License)
46. gdb 8.2.1 (GPL v. 3 License)
47. gdb 8.3.1 (GPL v. 3 License)
48. gdb 9.2.90 (GPL v. 3 License)
49. gmp 6.1.2 (LGPL v. 3 License)
50. gmp 6.2.0 (LGPL v. 3 License)
51. gnu 1.2.5 (GPL v. 2 License)
52. guava-libraries 27.1 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
53. hamcrest 1.3 (BSD 3 Clause License)
54. isl 0.20 (MIT License)
55. jacl 1.3.2a (Jacl Software License)
56. javasysmon 0.3.5 (BSD 2 Clause License)
57. jaxb-ri 2.3.0 (GPL v. 2.0, and CDDL v. 1.1 Licenses plus Classpath Exception)
58. jaxb-ri 2.2.7 (CDDL v. 1.1; GPL v. 2 Classpath Exception)
59. jaxb-xew-plugin 1.4 (LGPL v. 3 License)
60. jaxb2-basics-annotate 1.0.1 (BSD 2 Clause License)
61. jaxb2-basics-tools 0.9.0 (BSD 3 Clause License)
62. jaxen 1.1.1 (BSD 3 Clause License)
63. jaxen 1.3 (BSD 4 Clause License)
64. jcommon 1.0.16 (LGPL v. 3 License)
65. JDOM 1.0 (BSD-style License)
66. JFreeChart 1.0.13 (LGPL v. 3 License)
67. JGraphX 2.2.0.2 (BSD 3 Clause License)
68. jline 2.12 (BSD 3 Clause License)
69. Jline3 3.7.0 (BSD 3-clause "New" or "Revised" License)
70. jsap 2.0a (LGPL v. 2.1 License)
71. jsr173 1.0 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
72. junit 3.8.1 (Common Public License v. 1.0)
73. junit 4.0 (Common Public License v. 1.0)
74. junit 4.1 (Common Public License v. 1.0)
75. l2fprod 7.3 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
76. libstdc v3 (GPL v. 3 License)
77. looks 2.0.1 (BSD 2 Clause License)
78. make 3.81 (GPL v. 2 License)
79. miglayout15 3.0.3 (BSD 2 Clause License)
80. miglayout 4.0 (BSD)
81. mpc 1.1.0 (LGPL v. 3 License)
82. mpfr 3.1.0 (LGPL v. 3 License)
83. mpfr 4.0.1 (LGPL v. 3 License)
84. mpfr 4.0.2 (LGPL v. 3 License)
85. mpir 2.2.1 (LGPL v. 3 License)
86. mpir 3.0.0 (LGPL v. 3 License)
87. mydoggy 1.4.2 (LGPL v. 3 License)
88. ncurses 6.1 (Free Software Foundation)
89. ncurses 6.2 (Free Software Foundation)
90. netbeans-swing-outline 6.9 (LGPL v. 2.1, GPL v. 2.0, and CDDL v. 1 Licenses plus Classpath Exception)
91. newlib 2.1.0 (Red Hat and BSD 3 Clause Licenses)
92. newlib 3.1.0 (Red Hat and BSD 3 Clause Licenses)
93. newlib 3.3.0 (Red Hat and BSD 3 Clause Licenses)
94. quickserver 1.4.7 (LGPL v.2.1 License)
95. swingworker 3 (MPL v. 1.1 and LGPL v. 2.1 Licenses)
96. symphony 5.4.5 (Eclipse Public License v. 1.0)
97. systemc 2.2.0 (SystemC Open Source License v. 3.3)
98. velocity 1.4 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
99. wraplf 0.2 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
100. xalan 1.2.2 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
101. xerces-c 3.2.2 (Apache v. 2.0 License)
102. xerces 2.12.0 (Apache v. 1.1 License)
103. xmlbeans 2.2.0 (Apache v. 2.0 License)